Tim Allen eat your heart out at first
the Dodge Power Wagon concept vehicle
recalls some of the design cues of the
original Power Wagon a workhorse of the
1450s which really has the military
heritage power wagon also takes a hint
from ramp drawing on the bold styling
that helped take us from over 6% of the
market to over 20 percent market share
in the full-size pickup market inches
for short years but make no mistake this
is a different breed of truck this is a
refined vehicle morphs have tailored
than any other truck it offers the
ultimate sophistication in a truck as I
said this is a true dodge Mike power
wagons unique design is punctuated with
strong fender forms and flirts bold
front bumper is powerful including the
integral winch power wagon is all dodge
the overall result is a truck that's
very contemporary with all of its
heritage cues inside there's a new fresh
cabin design
again brushed aluminum touches contrast
with European hash and raw steel for a
mechanical tailored but honest simple
look